hey guys I want to share my delicious
recipe of chocolate and banana pancakes
with raspberry coulis for this recipe
you'll need a frypan a mixing bowl and a
stick blender for the pancakes you're
going to need 3 bananas 2 eggs 1/3 of a
cup of coconut oil melted down 2
tablespoons of lemon juice 1/2 a cup of
green banana flour and 1/4 a cup of raw
cacao for raspberry coulis all you need
is a cup of fresh or frozen raspberries
and a tablespoon of maple syrup have
some cacao nibs on hand to sprinkle over
the top
peel your bananas and mash them up in a
bowl with that you're gonna crack in
your two eggs and mix until well
combined pour in your coconut oil the
lemon juice and mix again add your raw
cacao and green banana flour and mix
until you've got your nice smooth
pancake batter we're now ready to fry
out the store
cook them for a couple of minutes until
they look safe enough to give them a
flip you'll know because they firm up
around the edges now that they finish
cooking on both sides I'm going to plate
them up and get on to my cool leaf all
you need to do is combine your
raspberries and the maple syrup into
your stick blender and blitz into your
desired consistency
spoon the raspberry coy on top of your
pancakes and sprinkle with cacao nibs
and there you have it guys my chocolate
and banana pancakes with raspberry
coulis it doesn't get much better than
that I hope you absolutely love this
recipe